are so of four person entering this feel our I'll give you three priorities
the first and these are from one to three of it may sound counterintuitive
or kind of backwards but we hear me out first priority
will be self care you always have to take care of this so so physically
mentally emotionally spiritually financially all five of those things
ours you should take those into account when and in terms of these
for hours number two will be your family and friends your family
friends or allow you for support Seoul be there for them as best you
can with the time that you have don't neglect of don't push them
away if you have issues with them more problems of March each other
do your best to work out those conflicts a move for your time on here
on land with them is limited so you always have to be a C. ships will
be at sea ships will operate so your time is limited so spend what
time you have with your family and friends and you know joyous occasions
are number three in terms of navy number three is navy of the
navy as a third priority in my book simply because you can't take
care of the navy if you don't first take care of yourself and to take
care of your family if you don't take care of number one numbers one
and two your focus will not be on the navy's mission so prioritize
those three our front door I prioritize those three like that yeah